I was already regretting my purchase the
last time I looked at the latest QD olet
panel but gigabyte said hold my beer and
they released the world's first 4K 240
HZ OLED gaming monitor with DP 2.1 in
the fo 32 u2p that's right no longer
when you get a 4K 240 HZ monitor are you
going to be limited to using display
stream compression if you want to
actually utilize all of that resolution
and all of those frames because let me
tell you when you're going 4K 240 it's
eating up something like almost 70 gbit
per second of bandwidth we've got our
big old stand here for a 32in monitor
this is pretty typical double column I'm
a big fan of the double column design
just feels more sturdy I don't know if
it actually is but it feels like you get
twice as much we've got some cables I
really hope this is a oh my God look at
this this is my first time seeing one of
these I think dp80 that's uhb 20 which
is 80 gb per second which is that's
insane I can't believe how much
bandwidth you're getting from that put
that how short is this thing cuz uh one
thing about cables that a lot of you
might not realize is that the especially
as the spec goes up they have to get
shorter and so this is like a 3ot
display port cable so if you're using
this and you're actually using DP 2.1 I
really hope your computer is like right
next to your monitor uh cuz it's going
to have to be we might run into some
issues later it also comes with rala
plastica gigabyte monitor product
warranty card that's great don't need
that we've got a USB C Toc cable because
this has a KVM in it got a laptop plug
it in Boop hit the switch you're good to
go we've got Ultra highspeed HDMI this
is an HDMI 2.1 cable which is only going
to reach about 40 GB per second not
enough this is no longer enough now that
we've reached 4K 240 HZ then we've got a
USB a Tob our power cable which is not a
North American plug what else we got the
right plug a C13 another one what is
this a different cable maybe they'll
send you all three just in case we've
also got our big old power
brick Oh this is pretty big it's pretty
heavy we've got the other part of our
stand you know the part that actually
connects to the
monitor we're ready this is a shotgun
rack it's the very typical you know
stick the columns in put them together
and screw it down ni nice and easy uh
the bigger the monitor the heavier the
stand and the heavier the monitor is
going to be uh you know I actually this
is kind of nice says aorus Design Lab on
the back
there it's really hard to see and this
is going to be facing the wall so you're
never going to see it but I think it
looks pretty and I really like it
another thing that I really like is the
slit in the back of here so it actually
makes getting into this really
easy you're just going to click clack
pull it out
also it's flat so anyone wanting a flat
16x9 display here's another one it's
finally happening the other advantage to
that is that the Box isn't enormous I
mean it's a 32-in monitor so it is still
pretty big keep your box because this
thing comes with a three-year warranty
which is absolutely
fantastic covers OLED buron which is a
big point for a lot of people it's
basically why I am okay with buying
oleds Now for PC gaming and just desktop
usage in general 3 years if you're not
burning in after 3 years you're probably
taking care of your monitor pretty well
who knows maybe burnin's right around
the corner I don't know I still haven't
experienced it Labs clearly took a look
at it cuz we've got this bubbly on the
screen as they reapplied it that's fine
the nice thing is that a lot of people
have been complaining about about the
other models is that it comes with just
the foam and it doesn't actually
have a screen protector on the front and
so I haven't seen any micr scratches
myself but people are seeing them
apparently so this is just a nice little
added bonus layer of protection uh the
only problem now is I got to take this
off okay I got it I got it I got it I
got
[Applause]
it of course it's cutie OLED we have
studio lights shining directly at this
thing and so it is slightly magenta
instead of black as someone who owns a
couple of these things now when you're
in your home and it's just like overhead
regular house lighting you really don't
see it that much um and then as soon as
it's on you don't even notice it at all
so I get it people complain about it
they don't like it I I I think you're
nitpicking over something really minor
that doesn't really matter I'm sorry
otherwise the stand is great it swivels
at the base which I I am a big fan of um
a little more would be nice but this is
pretty typical and that's fine otherwise
pretty good amount of height adjustment
I would still like to see it Go
basically all the way down to the base
but that's fine um got a bunch of
tilt it's actually a pretty good amount
I don't know who will ever use this like
this I pretty much just keep my monitors
flat but to each their own if you have a
use case cool another great feature I
don't have to take this off the stand to
show you the io because it can do
portrait I don't think any of you should
ever use it like this until maybe 10
years from now because you've got
something crazy that point cuz like
really it's are you really going to
spend this much money and put a 4K 240
HZ Monitor and portrait I'm not um but
to each their own anyway as for Io we've
got two HDMI 2.1 ports our DP 2.1 mini
DP 2.1 you've actually got two options
and then a DP out because it can daisy
chain fantastic USBC with 65 watts of
charging then we got something else that
I actually don't think I've ever seen a
non-combo jack so there's one dedicated
for Mike and dedic ated for headphones
wild usbb and then a couple of usba a
ports power so this thing really just
kind of has it all uh on the bottom
we've also got our handy dandy
navigation nipple which is my preferred
way to scroll through the OSD and then a
couple of buttons I'm assuming one is
for power one is probably for the KVM
we'll check that out in a little bit all
right let's game on it we noticed two
things as we plugged it in one our DP
2.1 cable is actually a DP 2.1 Mini to
regular DP for uh br20 I got so excited
didn't even notice and then the other
thing we forgot that our 490 does not
have DP 2.1 so we're going to throw a
Radeon graphics card in there later but
for now we're just going to try it out
and see how it goes uh but yeah that's
how future proof this thing is a 4090
doesn't even have 2.1 although that's
more of nvidia's problem so whatever uh
this is not 240 HZ this looks bad so
we're going to go
Advanced and we're GNA go 240 HZ 4K it's
8 bit for SDR so we're going to go out
here and go use HDR now we got 10 bit
and that's sweet sweet HDR and uh I got
to say you know it looks good it's the
same panel I've been looking at before
the real advantage to this guy is just
that I/O like DP 2.1 is simply not
available elsewhere so if you want it
this is your only option let's watch
some stuff on YouTube to make sure the
HDR looks good I'm sure it does this is
one of those videos that we end up
making almost entirely by it's got
speakers they're just a couple of five
Watts nothing major but very much
appreciated because for those few times
where you don't have speakers you don't
have headphones it doesn't matter if
it's not good it is audio and that is
better than nothing I'll tell you that
much 4K HDR oh doesn't Andy look great
here the black of that sweater that he's
got on it's so crispy but you can see
all the details and the fur and
everything or whatever it is one nice
thing about gigabyte is actually really
like their SD especially with the
navigation system that they've got it's
got free sync premium Pro it's pretty
great we have got hdr on oh we've got
HDR game HDR movie HDR hlg HDR Vivid I
would probably stick to HDR oh one thing
too that actually like it tells you it's
in the mini DP slot specifically we'll
get to testing later but we checked out
the regular HDR by default and uh no
spoilers but it's pretty accurate as for
display we've got you know input tells
you type C mini DP DP all that stuff KVM
switch wizard uh daisy chaining is on
we're not daisy chaining anything RGB
range that's great apply picture mode
sure it's got pip and PBP which is
always a very useful uh feature for
certain people I don't ever use it but I
don't have multiple systems that I want
to um assign different pictures too one
more pretty cool feature is this little
button down here the Tactical switch
that turns it into to a 24 1/2 in
display ah wait wait I there it is um
this is for if you're you know
practicing for Esports or something the
reality is it's 240 htz so it's very
capable very capable display and it's
really nice having it on a single button
down here cuz you just switch back and
forth no problem at all very nice to
have do I use it no but I also don't
play orts at least not anymore another
major feature that you've got is OLED
care um right in the OSD here it's
activating usage Time 5 hours oh that's
great I actually love how it tells you
the usage time oh yeah pixel clean start
cleaning static control on Pixel shift
on APL stabilize middle Su logo dim
Corner dim reset set this is great this
is just a really big part of why I'm
especially coupled with the three-year
warranty and why I'm not worried about
burning don't get me wrong I am careful
I have autohide taskbar I have Dynamic
wallpaper
uh on my background I shut my monitor
off if I'm going to walk away from my
desk for a few hours you know and I've
definitely made mistakes and just like
left it on for the weekend and it is
totally fine at least and that's the
last gen this is a new gen so let's try
some games it looks incredible we're on
Ultra nightmare it's Doom Eternal it's
it's an old game now but like guess what
I'm getting around 200 FPS for the most
part um everything cranked 4K like God
this game is so well optimized it just
looks amazing those flashes just looks
so good I can't wait to this is great I
can't wait to watch it from a regular
monitor cuz for some reason cuti OLED
just looks so good through other
displays it just picks it up so well but
yeah it's amazing there's not much else
to say I don't know what to tell you
guys it's the same panel that I've been
gawking at for the last little while and
just being constantly impressed by so
enough about gaming for now let's talk
about the results for color accuracy in
srgb we have an average of just one
Delta e with a 2.2 on the max very
impressive similar to what we've seen
from this generation of cded panels
absolutely beautiful as for HDR in order
to hit over a th000 nits you're going to
have to set it to APL or average Picture
level to high as for our eotf curve it
is tracking basically perfectly and
that's set to high so just set it to
high get your max brightness don't worry
about it too much if you really don't
like brightness limiting and how the
panel is going to fluctuate a bit as
like really bright flashes up here on
screen set it to low but the problem is
you're only going to cap out at like 250
maybe 300ish nits uh on the high end and
that's for 1% or full screen it's all
just going to sit in that range so
personally I'm going to set it to high
but to each their own as for color gamut
it's great we're hitting 98 or even 99%
of P3 depending on how you're measuring
it and it hits around 80% of bt2020
which is great as for HDR color accuracy
it's fantastic we hit an average of 4.8
and a Max of9 9.2 which if you've
watched any of our other recent videos
covering these panels you'll know that
that's just really good and an absolute
leap in Improvement compared to uh just
the previous generation as well as other
generations of OLED panels in uh recent
years last but certainly not least when
it comes to latency it's only adding
about6 milliseconds of latency measuring
a total of 2.7 which is absolutely
incredible like that's next to nothing
it's great I love those things about
trying The Radeon card well as it turns
out I completely forgot that while it
has DP 2.1 they do not have uhb or ultra
high bit rate 20 which is like I said
before 80 gbit per second and we're
going to need about 6970 to actually
take advantage of 4K 240 without any
kind of compression this has uhb 13.5
which is only about 50 53 gbit per
second which isn't going to do it so no
matter what graphics card you have right
now outside of like a couple of
workstation cards you're not going to be
able to take full advantage of this
display who knows 50 Series is coming
out and I mean maybe the 8000 series is
coming out but maybe they just do 2.1
and uh uhb 13.5 so whenever you do go to
shop for your next graphics card if you
do buy the fo32 u2p don't just trust the
DP 2.1 on the box instead look it up and
see if they're actually offering uh br20
back to the rest of the video the best
part is to get this DP 2.1 connection
even though most of us aren't even going
to be able to use it right away it's
only $12.99 now I know I say only but
the reality is I was fully expecting
this to have an extra like $200 added to
the price tag when you compare it to
other brands coming out with the same
panel and similar monitors that's right
about bang on that's really close to
what everyone else is charging so yeah
it came out a little later and uh it
definitely kind of hits me in the heart
a little bit because I was an early
adopter and I wanted to buy one right
away really wish I had a DP 2.1 but for
anyone else who hasn't bought one yet of
course a lower price would be fantastic
but for it to be priced at the same
thing that's just that's that's great
that's gravy it's money it's fantastic
it's so good it's so good you guys and
if you want something even better if you
want to save another Buck if you want to
save two 100 bucks to be exact you can
get the fo32 U2
nonp it doesn't have DP 2.1 but it does
save you money you also don't get daisy
chaining out of the display port which
is like it does kind of suck but it's
really not necessary just run two cables
however the other kind of thing that
might bite you is you only get 18 watts
of power delivery on the USBC which it's
enough but if you've got a laptop you
really want that 65 on the fo 27 Q3 it
is of course only 1440p but it is 360
htz so you kind of got some trade-off
there 360 HZ with OLED Lightning Fast
pixel response times is near perfect
motion Clarity 240 looks amazing but
it's definitely not quite as crisp so
pick the one that's right for you and
then if both of those are still out of
your price range or you just want a
smaller monitor because let's be real
sometimes 32 in is too big for people's
desks you can get the f27 Q three for
$800 it's really good it's kind of
unbelievable just how far this play Tech
has come in the last few years it's like
CPUs just a couple years ago and I'm
just really excited about it still
because everything year-over-year keeps
impressing me and I can't wait to see
what comes out next thanks for watching
short circuit thanks to gigabyte for
sending this over and sponsoring this
video if you want to pick up any of the
three that we talked about or showed
today there's going to be a link in the
description below and if you want to
check out another video there's bound to
be one down there too see you later